no it happened on the third day that
no it happened on the third day that Esther put on her royal robes and stood
Esther put on her royal robes and stood
Esther put on her royal robes and stood in the inner court of the king's palace
in the inner court of the king's palace
in the inner court of the king's palace across from the king's house while the
across from the king's house while the
across from the king's house while the King sat on his royal throne in the
King sat on his royal throne in the
King sat on his royal throne in the royal house facing the entrance of the
royal house facing the entrance of the
royal house facing the entrance of the house so it was when the King saw Queen
house so it was when the King saw Queen
house so it was when the King saw Queen Esther standing in the court that she
Esther standing in the court that she
Esther standing in the court that she found favor in his sight and the King
found favor in his sight and the King
found favor in his sight and the King held out Esther the golden sceptre that
held out Esther the golden sceptre that
held out Esther the golden sceptre that was in his hand then Esther went near
was in his hand then Esther went near
was in his hand then Esther went near and touched the top of the sceptre and
and touched the top of the sceptre and
and touched the top of the sceptre and the King said to her what do you wish
the King said to her what do you wish
the King said to her what do you wish Queen Esther what is your request it
Queen Esther what is your request it
Queen Esther what is your request it shall be given to you up to half the
shall be given to you up to half the
shall be given to you up to half the kingdom if it pleases the King that the
kingdom if it pleases the King that the
kingdom if it pleases the King that the king and Haman come today to the banquet
king and Haman come today to the banquet
king and Haman come today to the banquet that I have prepared for him
that I have prepared for him
that I have prepared for him [Music]
bring him in quickly that he may do as
bring him in quickly that he may do as Esther has said so the king and Haman
Esther has said so the king and Haman
Esther has said so the king and Haman went to the banquet that Esther had
went to the banquet that Esther had
went to the banquet that Esther had prepared at the banquet of wine the king
prepared at the banquet of wine the king
prepared at the banquet of wine the king said to Esther what is your petition it
said to Esther what is your petition it
said to Esther what is your petition it shall be granted you what is your
shall be granted you what is your
shall be granted you what is your request up to half the kingdom it shall
request up to half the kingdom it shall
request up to half the kingdom it shall be done my petition and request is this
be done my petition and request is this
be done my petition and request is this if I have found favor in the sight of
if I have found favor in the sight of
if I have found favor in the sight of the king and if it pleases the King to
the king and if it pleases the King to
the king and if it pleases the King to grant my petition and fulfill my request
grant my petition and fulfill my request
grant my petition and fulfill my request then let the king and Haman come to the
then let the king and Haman come to the
then let the king and Haman come to the banquet which I will prepare for them
banquet which I will prepare for them
banquet which I will prepare for them and tomorrow I will do as the king has
and tomorrow I will do as the king has
and tomorrow I will do as the king has said so Haman went out that day joyful
said so Haman went out that day joyful
said so Haman went out that day joyful and with a glad heart but when Haman saw
and with a glad heart but when Haman saw
and with a glad heart but when Haman saw Mordecai in the Kings gate and that he
Mordecai in the Kings gate and that he
Mordecai in the Kings gate and that he did not stand or tremble before him he
did not stand or tremble before him he
did not stand or tremble before him he was filled with indignation against
was filled with indignation against
was filled with indignation against Mordecai nevertheless Haman restrained
Mordecai nevertheless Haman restrained
Mordecai nevertheless Haman restrained himself and went home and he sent and
himself and went home and he sent and
himself and went home and he sent and called for his friends and his wife 0sh
called for his friends and his wife 0sh
called for his friends and his wife 0sh when Haman told them of his great riches
when Haman told them of his great riches
when Haman told them of his great riches the multitude of his children everything
the multitude of his children everything
the multitude of his children everything in which the king had promoted him and
in which the king had promoted him and
in which the king had promoted him and how he had advanced him above the
how he had advanced him above the
how he had advanced him above the officials and servants of the king
officials and servants of the king
officials and servants of the king besides Queen Esther invited no one but
besides Queen Esther invited no one but
besides Queen Esther invited no one but me to come in with the King to the
me to come in with the King to the
me to come in with the King to the banquet that she prepared and tomorrow I
banquet that she prepared and tomorrow I
banquet that she prepared and tomorrow I am again invited by her along with the
am again invited by her along with the
am again invited by her along with the king I told this avails me nothing so
king I told this avails me nothing so
king I told this avails me nothing so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting
long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting
long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the Kings
at the Kings
at the Kings that his wife 0sh and all his friends
that his wife 0sh and all his friends
that his wife 0sh and all his friends said to him let a gallows be made fifty
said to him let a gallows be made fifty
said to him let a gallows be made fifty cubits high and in the morning suggests
cubits high and in the morning suggests
cubits high and in the morning suggests the king that Mordecai be hanged on it
the king that Mordecai be hanged on it
the king that Mordecai be hanged on it then go merrily with the King to the
then go merrily with the King to the
then go merrily with the King to the banquet and the thing please Damon so he
banquet and the thing please Damon so he
banquet and the thing please Damon so he had the gallows made